Like many older ones before them, younger brothers and sisters are taking on challenging assignments that bring them rich spiritual rewards.
We go next to India, to hear from brother Francis Rodrigs.
He's using his training from the School for Kingdom Evangelizers to teach people in the Indian Sign Language field.
When I was younger, there were two special pioneers who were assigned in the nearby congregation,
and I was seeing how happy they were in serving Jehovah.
I had a choice to make, to work overseas, but I decided to serve Jehovah in the full-time service.
In the special full-time service, Jehovah is taking care of all my needs.
I try to be a useful tool in his hand and let him use me wherever he wants me to be used.
From the past one year, I have been assigned to the Indian Sign Language field.
I have been to almost 20 untouched territories.
We start with the Deaf Search at 7 in the morning.
It's most of the people in the villages are farmers and they come back for a short break.
We freeze till 9 or 9.30 in the night, and then I travel overnight to another village.
And at 7, we again start with the Bible studies.
This I do four times a week.
There was a Deaf School where we were giving memorable invitations.
Some students just come running towards us and they do like Jehovah love.
And we are like, how do you know us?
Because we never met those school children.
Then we saw a boy who had just attended the meeting once.
When he came to the school and told all his friends about it.
And they were like, please you come once to this place and teach us more about Jehovah.
Sometimes we meet the Deaf ones who have never been to school.
So sometimes we make their parents sit with them and we see how they communicate with each other.
And then we adapt to their sign language.
Another place which is 10 hours far from here.
Initially it was just two or three Deaf people who were interested.
But later on it started increasing.
We would have the first Bible study at 7 in the morning.
Turned by turn everyone would come.
Sometimes there would be so many of them that we would have 10 to 12 in a group.
And we would have a Bible study with them.
We had to end the Bible study at 8.30 in the night.
Because I had a 10-odd train journey back home.
We planned to visit the branch office.
And after the two of the Deaf girls started crying.
They said they love that this weather sister showed us.
Now we feel that Jehovah is the only true God.
Since then they are making many changes in their life.
And now one of the girls is an unbaptized publisher.
When I see the Deaf ones doing changes in their life.
They are being happy and also having a good relationship with Jehovah.
That makes me more happier.
There are many challenges in their assignment.
Sometimes I have to travel 10 hours to a village.
And traveling does make me tired.
Sometimes the trains are overly packed.
Many times the late by almost three hours.
Or sometimes even cancel due to which we have to go back home.
Challenges will come.
But they will also go.
I try not to get stuck on them.
I pray to Jehovah not to remove these challenges.
But to give me the strength to overcome these challenges.
I feel that challenges are nothing when compared to the benefit that I see.
When I focus on that, I really enjoy my assignment.
Brother Rodriguez searches for those rightly disposed forever lasting life.
Wherever he can find them, despite the obstacles.
And you may have noted that his joy comes from directing people to the congregation
to be part of our true spiritual brotherhood.
That example is repeated millions of times over
through the diligent efforts of publishers and pioneers around the world.
Why not examine your ministry to find ways to help yet more people
to build a good relationship with Jehovah?